add changes from upstream ad_history updates (#40)
fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads: README.md

    microsoft_ads_<default_source_table_name>_identifier: your_table_name 
```

> #### Change how ad name is determined

Reviewer: Can you move this section farther up, like above the `Change the build schema` section?

> In the `stg_microsoft_ads__ad_history` model we have made `ad_name` configurable. While `ad_name` by default uses the `title_part_1` field, users may wish to use a different field or a combination of fields to generate the `ad_name`. You may do so by configuring the `microsoft_ads__ad_name_selector` variable as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of `ad_name` in the Microsoft Ads end models is the `title_part_1` field. However, users may wish to use a different field or a combination of fields to generate the `ad_name`. You may do so by configuring the `microsoft_ads__ad_name_selector` variable as follows:
```

Author: updated
